https://codepen.io/Rodrigo3141/pen/bGdVGgN?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that gives meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create the framework for a website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute provides extra information about an HTML element. An attribute is placed inside the opening tag of an element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to differentiate which element is the most important by making it the biggest. You should only have 1 h1 tag on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The "img" tag requires a "src" attribute, and an "a" tag requires a "href" attribute.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Information that the browser will read but will not necessarily be shown on the page.

    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that gives an element more specificity.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can give an id to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        An id can only be used once per page.

    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute that gives an element more specificity than normal but less specificity than an id.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You can use the same class as many times as needed on a page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         You use the target="_blank" attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        The alt attribute is used to describe an image for people using screen readers.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        You reference an id by using the # selector.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        They are both generic containers for other elements, however a section is one layer higher than a div and will normally contain divs inside it.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style HTML; changing colors, position, size, etc...

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        You can select any normal element by simply writing the name of the element with curly braces after it. i.e. h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id is an attribute that is more specific than a class. A class can be used to group multiple "p" elements. An id can be used to isolate a specific element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        You select a class by using the . selector.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        You can select that element by using p .human {}.

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector can isolate elements nested within other elements. The :first-child selector can isolate the first element nested within the parent element 
        and modify it while leaving the other nested elements alone.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        You can select them by using div .sidebar a {}.

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is a selector used to define a special state of an element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        You can use the line-height: property to change the spacing between lines.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        You can use the letter-spacing: property to change the spacing between letters.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        You use the text-transform: property.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        You use border: 1px dotted black;.

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        You use the * selector.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        You use /*Text you want to comment out*/.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        You use pwd which stands for print working directory.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        You use ls which lists all files in a directory.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        You use rm but you have to be careful because there is no restoration after you use this command; the file will be instantly deleted without conformation.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        You use version control so you can go back to a previously working iteration of your code, as well as keeping track of the progression of your code.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        You should commit to github often. After 20-30 minutes of working on the code or after you make any significant changes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        You would use git push -u origin branch-name.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the repository.
        2. Add your TL as a collaborator.
        3. Use cd to go to where you want to put the repository.
        4. Clone the repository using git clone <link-to-repo>.
        5. Use cd to enter the new repository.
        6. Use git checkout -b branch-name to create a new branch for the repository.
        7. Work on the repository.
        8. Stage the repository to be committed by using git add . or git add "name of the file that was changed".
        9. Commit the changes using git commit -m "message describing the changes made".
        10. Push the changes back to Github using git push -u origin branch-name.
        11. Go back to your forked repository on Github, click the Branch:master button and click on your name-branch.
        12. Click the New pull request button.
        13. Click the base repository button and change it to be your forked repository.
        14. Add your TL to the Reviewers.
        15. Submit the pull request.
        16. Do not merge your own pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        An inline element does not start on a new line and only takes up as much space as necessary. A block element always starts on a new line 
        and takes up the full width available.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        The element is taken out of the normal document flow and its position is set to its parent divs upper left corner.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        You can use display: inline-block;.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        The section, div, and p elements are display block by default. The a, and span elements are display inline by default. The button element is inline-block by default.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
        All HTML elements can be described as being boxes. The box model is the act of using boxes inside of boxes to create content. 
        These boxes include the content, the padding around the content, the border around the padding, and margin around the border.
        You can fix the box models height and width by using box-sizing: border-box. 
        This will make it so that the padding will be constrained inside the border's boudaries determined by the width and height values we chose for our content.